= heroku_s3_backup

Gem to backup your database from Heroku to S3.

== Usage - Rails 3

1. Add this to your Gemfile
     gem 'heroku_s3_backup', :git => 'git://github.com/jstorimer/heroku_s3_backup.git'
2. Add your S3 config to Heroku
     heroku config:add S3_KEY="YOUR_ID" S3_SECRET="YOUR_KEY"
3. Run the HerokuS3Backup.backup method from your console or a cronjob
     task :cron => :environment do
       HerokuS3Backup.backup
     end

== Usage - Rails 2

1. Add the heroku_s3_backup gem to your .gems file for Heroku
2. Add this to your config/production.rb
     config.gem 'jstorimer-heroku_s3_back', :lib => 'heroku_s3_backup'
3. Add your S3 config to Heroku
     heroku config:add S3_KEY="YOUR_ID" S3_SECRET="YOUR_KEY"
4. Run the HerokuS3Backup.backup method from your console or a cronjob
     task :cron => :environment do
       HerokuS3Backup.backup
     end

The blog post at http://trevorturk.com/2010/04/14/automated-heroku-backups/ has some more detailed instructions.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Code stolen from Trevor Turk (http://trevorturk.com/2010/04/14/automated-heroku-backups/) and packaged by Eric Davis, modified by Jesse Storimer and others.

Copyright (c) 2010 Eric Davis. See LICENSE for details.
